so we're starting out with the black up
8 our primer this is a gel primer and
I'm applying this with one of my Sigma
brushes if you are interested in this
brush the link will be in the
description box below
but I'm applying this all over
especially in the areas that I get oily
or sweaty now I'm going in with the CC
cream this is CC 0-3 this is a very
light coverage and you will see that if
you really just want a natural look this
is really good for that you can
definitely see your skin through this
foundation so I use a CC cream as a
primer as a base for this foundation
here and this is the mattifying fluid
foundation and you guys this is awesome
I had to mix two colors numbers 8 and 10
I'll explain everything in the review
video why I have to mix two colors and
why I have two colors you'll be able to
click that at the end of the video or in
the description box but I'm applying
this with the same brush that I applied
the primer and the CC cream wind
so I'm adding a little bit more around
the mouth because that's where most of
my hyperpigmentation is so I just want a
little bit more coverage around this
area so I'll prime my eyes and place a
face on there so that the colors will
pop and have something to stick to
I'm using Oktoberfest from my hot pots
from Coastal Scents all the shadows I'm
using are from closest since hot pots so
after I've applied the eyelid color I'm
going in with this blending brush to
blend it in with the crease color so I'm
adding a little bit more of the crease
color here and that's just a brown from
my a hot pot palette and I'm also taking
color underneath the eye so I'm lining
my waterline with the cold waterproof
eyeliner that came in my black op Hall
and this is a topaz e gold color so I've
already applied my lashes and done my
winged liner and this is the finished
look for the eyes I've also already
applied my highlight concealer from Le
girl cosmetics and I'm gonna set that
with a black up to a cake powder that I
absolutely love watch the review if you
want to hear more about it but it's
perfect as you can see what it's doing
to that under eye highlights making it
look really soft and really nice
now I'm going to set my face with a
black up loose powder and this is also a
very nice powder as well so the cheek
color I'm using is black up number six
is a beautiful orange it adds a nice
perfect warmth to the cheek I'm taking
the highlight powder and I'm
highlighting the areas that are normally
highlight on my face
so this little baby right here is their
tune one lip pencil and the color is in
number five I prefer more blue based red
but this is it the texture on this is
awesome again if you want more info
check out the review they should be able
to click at the end of the video this
completes the look you guys thank you so
much for watching I will see you in the
next video peace